Hey, are you sick?
What do you care what he does with so much alcohol?
Do you know this woman who exercises every day, exercises every day, her whole body dies.
I'm drunk and I have to carry it.
Brother, you've done the wrong thing.
Self-Falling Clouds
When he and Liu Hai left, he poured half a bottle of SO.
I think 80% means something to you.
What are you thinking?
Did you know he's been playing me like a licking dog for two and a half years?
I'm like a dog licking intern.
I was used as a shield at the birthday party.
Take him home.
Pack it on me.
Young master, when you get home, I can have another small party, two and a half, and you haven't moved your hand yet.
Call me back and we'll compensate.
There's another one, Miss Lin, remember me.
Maybe it's as far away as he is.
This woman in your hands is more than your son ever touched, remember?
Road to my office.
I have a big project.
I want to talk to you.
Haha, you don't have time, do you?
I was sorting my cell phone just now, but I found some undeleted photos.
You said if I send a circle of friends
What's going to happen?
The most basic trust between people.
I'll give you one more chance.
Reorganization of the language
All right.
Wait for me in the office for the last 20 minutes.
Hurry up.
Take your car and take me to Tengwang.